The Joe Rogan experience. For people who don't know the,
the docus series is called Sasquatch. And you look at it on Hulu, you go,
oh man, it's a Bigfoot documentary. Nope, not really. No,
it's a lot scarier. <laugh> how did this come about? Like,
how did this project fall into your lap?
Well, the Genesis of the pro really goes back to the fall of 1993.
I was visiting, um,
a buddy of mine who was working on a dope farm and he kind of,
it was harvest season,
which is like particularly dangerous time of the year up there,
but he kind of got me a hall pass with the guy that owned the farm and vouched
for me, for me to, uh, parachute in for about a week. And, um,
he was something that didn't make it in the show is that, uh,
I went up there to do like a heroic mushroom trip with this guy. So the,
the, the day before, uh, the day that the, that the ship went down. Okay.
Um, we took about an eighth mushroom mushrooms each,
and went tripping around the Redwood. Now that didn't make it in the show. Okay.
But that night as we were coming down, we were, um, in the,
in the cabin, the A-frame cabin that belonged to the guy that owned the farm.
And these two dudes showed up late at night, covered in mud,
like splatter with mud soaked,
claiming that they'd just been to a nearby dope farm where they'd seen three
bodies. They, that were torn up like mutilated and these guys were freaking out.
Okay. They were, they, they seemed legitimately traumatized to me. They seemed,
they were exuding this like energy of like terror and having just seen,
you know,
mutilated bodies to the point where I was just trying to shrink into the couch
where I was, I was like, really not happy to be in that room at that point.
How old were you at the time? I was 23 years old. Yeah. Okay.
I was just getting, going in journalism, you know, and, um,
they, you know, they, the owner of the farm kind of pulled them off to the,
to the side and they were having a conversation in the kitchen and when they
were trying to keep their voices hushed, but these guys,
they were so rattled also, like, I didn't know the signs at the time,
but now looking back I'm like they were on crystal. They were,
they were tweaked. Right? Yeah. And so they were like,
their voices were going up and down in volume, but they were,
but they were clearly saying that they just like seen these three bodies and
they seen like Sasquatch footprints at the murder scene and they knew it wasn't
a rip off. They were saying, because you know,
it was all the weed had been harvested, but it was still there. Like,
so plants had been torn up and thrown around. Right.
But the bud was still there,
like hundreds of thousand dollars worth of weed if was a typical patch. And,
you know, it was like at one point the guy was like, are you sure they're dead?
They were like, yeah, with the, you not listening to us.
They were torn to pieces, man, they're dead, you know?
And a big foot killed these guys. <laugh> so,
and he kind of like got him out of the farm and like sat down and was like,
well, that was really weird. And we like had a laugh, you know,
but obviously that story stuck with me for the next quarter century.
And it was one that I kind of,
I told it around like a ghost story around the campfire kind of thing a few
times. Wow.
But then a friend of mine and a guy I collaborate with Joshua Fay,
who's the director of the series, Sasquatch. He, uh,
we were just finishing up another project together and he texted me outta the
blue and he become, he'd become a fan of this, uh, podcast,
Sasquatch Chronicles. Right. And he texted me. He's like, dude,
if we could find some sort of true crime story wrapped up with a Sasquatch
angle, like we'd really have something. What, what is a Sasquatch Chronicles?
It's a, I don't even listen to it. I've never listened to it, but it's,
it's a podcast that's like,
it's basically like people's reporting their Sasquatch counters. Mm. Okay.
And so he sent me this text outta the blue and I hit him right back. I was like,
I might one. So he is like, dude, like, can you, can you look into that?
So the next step was to get ahold of, get ahold of buddy that was working on,
you know, that was working on the farm up there, get ahold of anybody.
I could find that worked in the dope game up in Northern Mendocino county was
near a town called Branscomb that worked in that area at that time in the dope
game. Be like, did you ever hear a story like this? Because,
but our thinking was, you know,
we can't like do a series if it was just me hearing that story in that cabin
that one night. But it's the kind of story where you think like,
that probably spread beyond that one cabin. Right.
Those guys didn't seem like the type that they were gonna keep that to
themselves. Okay. So, you know, after drawing a lot of blanks,
we finally like hit this one sort of information,
an ecosystem sub circle up there, if you will,
where people had heard that story and they were like, yes,
three guys did get killed, but there's, you know, there's, there's more to it.
Right. They were like, there's, there's a story behind that.
And it doesn't really involve a Sasquatch actually killing these guys.
But I don't, I mean, I don't wanna spoil the show frame, but hasn't seen.
It for anybody who hasn't seen it. It's well worth the three,
uh they're like 50 minutes or so. Yeah. Yeah. That's something like,
like a like hour TV show link. Yeah. Um, it's,
it's very intense catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free
only on Spotify, watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.